docs: rework mdbook (#1036)
coreos/clair: Documentation/reference/clairctl.md

# Clairctl

> `clairctl` is a command line tool for working with ClairV4. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`clairctl` is a command line tool for working with Clair.
```

> This CLI is capable of generating manifests from most public registires (docker, quay.io, redhat container catalog) and submitting them for analysis to a running ClairV4.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This CLI is capable of generating manifests from most public registries (dockerhub, quay.io, Red Hat Container Catalog) and submitting them for analysis to a running Clair.
```

```
NAME:

>    clairctl - A new cli application

Reviewer: Ah whoops. Will make a note to fix the online help in the tool.
